So what good fall between the cracks when moving. You know, at this point,
there's a lot of checklists that you can use that you can get from
your moving company. Also, Navy has those. So I would use those
checklist. I would also go to the Internet and downloaded checklists
on Jack the checklist. That's no one to help you with your you your
spouse through another. You know, as you try to make sure you get something
they want something you do forget. Or if you pack something
in, you know, Did he move? That really should have won it a long term
storage. You know, it's gonna happen. So try to get over it, right?
Not to, but its world too much. Move on to the next part of the adventure.
Focus on that and not this small things that happened because
they are going